Lessons Learned:

Through this assignment, I learned a lot. I started by analyzing the variation in crime rates in the town of Chapel Hill between May 2022 and May 2023. Despite the fact that this data varied throughout the month, I discovered that altogether, in the year 2023, May has seen a decrease in crime. It would be interesting to investigate whether this is purely the result of chance or if any implemented procedures allowed this decline to happen. Second, I looked at accidents on Franklin Street between May 2022 and May 2023 to analyze two factors.  First, I wanted to see if there were any areas on Franklin Street where accidents were more likely to occur, and second, I wanted to know if there had been a decrease in accidents from the previous year. To my surprise, there wasn't a particular site on Franklin Street that showed significantly more incidents than other areas of the street (I had anticipated seeing more accidents occur at the intersection of Franklin Street and Columbia). However, compared to the year 2022, there were significantly fewer accidents in 2023. Last but not least, I looked at the gaps between each case's conclusion and the report date and found that there is an average time gap of 1.48 days between each case's conclusion and the report date. Additionally, when the data was filtered to identify which cases had gaps greater than the average, the majority of these events turned out to be incidents rather than accidents or arrests. The last lesson I learnt was that rather of waiting until after scraping the data, I should have requested my data right away to save time.
